[core] fix nightly build (#39350)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/core/ts-http-runtime/CHANGELOG.md

Author: ```suggestion
```

# Release History

## 0.3.8 (Unreleased)

### Features Added

### Breaking Changes

### Bugs Fixed

### Other Changes

> - make proxyPolicy a no-op when proxy is unsupported [PR #39084](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/39084)

Author: ```suggestion
- `proxyPolicy` no longer throws on platforms where proxies are not supported (such as browsers and React Native). Instead, it returns a no-op policy that forwards requests unchanged, and `getDefaultProxySettings` returns `undefined` [PR #39084](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/39084)
```
